feat(ProgressIndicator): add submit type (#1976)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/components/progress-indicator/demos.md

  - /uilib/components/progress/demos
---

import {
ProgressIndicatorSubmit,
ProgressIndicatorCircular,
ProgressIndicatorCircularHorizontal,
ProgressIndicatorCircularVertical,
ProgressIndicatorCircularProgress,
ProgressIndicatorCircularRandom,
ProgressIndicatorCircularTransition,
ProgressIndicatorCircularCallback,
ProgressIndicatorCircularModal,
ProgressIndicatorLinear,
ProgressIndicatorLinearSmall,
ProgressIndicatorLinearHorizontal,
ProgressIndicatorLinearVertical,
ProgressIndicatorLinearStatic,
ProgressIndicatorLinearRandom,
ProgressIndicatorLinearTransition,
ProgressIndicatorLinearCallback,
ProgressIndicatorLinearModal,
ProgressIndicatorSizes
} from 'Docs/uilib/components/progress-indicator/Examples'

## Demos

### Submit form activity indicator

> Use this indicator in forms, side by side a submit button. Its a light weight and dense way to tell the user whats happening at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this indicator in forms, side by side a submit button. It's a lightweight and dense way to tell the user what's happening at the moment.
```
